well that's going on guys this your boy
came a hair bring you the latest and
greatest glitches from GTA 5 online
multi-player and in today's glitch as
you can see we're gonna be racing on
criminal records and getting you a ton a
ton a ton of rank really really quickly
so here are the settings you're gonna
want to use so when the screen pops up
you're gonna want to do number of laps
three the car class does not matter so
you can pick any car class time of day
does not matter either whether you're
gonna want to put it on current traffic
you're gonna want to put on wanted
levels you're gonna want to put on
custom vehicles you can put on or off it
really doesn't matter catch-up off so
you don't want anyone be able to catch
up that's gonna give you a little bit of
extra RP they're split times you want to
be personal now when it is on personal
you're gonna want to do that before any
of your friends get into the lobby
because if your friends get into the
lobby it's gonna take that option away
and it's just gonna default to one of
them so you got to make sure you do that
before you invite people to the lobby
and also a little tip and trick here as
you see I just got the turbo boost as I
just started what you do to that is you
count down in your head when it says
three two one go what you do is you go 3
3 2 2 1 1 go go and then you hit the
right trigger after you hit say go the
second time that's how you get the turbo
boost almost every every time it takes a
little getting used to but once you
count it in your head you get the turbo
boosts almost every time and you can get
ahead of everybody and you know get shit
crackin
now everyone's been asking me to create
a crew I finally created a crew which is
very very simple and it's open for
everyone to join it's called KMA you to
go ahead and join my crew it's open
enrollment like I said so everyone's
gonna be accepted it has a matter for
your rank 1 or a rank 100 it doesn't
matter you will be a part of the group I
don't you know exclude based on rank I
don't give a fuck if you want to be part
of a crew just hit it up it's open
enrollment so as soon as you apply
you'll get automatically accepted and
boom boom pow now this glitch does take
about a minute and 30 seconds to do if
you do it on three laps it's about
thirty seconds a lap average and that's
if your car's not souped up if you have
a fully souped-up car it's game over
your rack and these laps up but like no
time I went from level 38 to level 53
doing it for about an hour and a half
yesterday so you rank up quick you get
all the unlocks you get all the guns you
get everything so quickly now I have an
arsenal of weapons and it's fucked
amazing so I'm ready to fuck people up
do some crew missions do some bank
heists do anything really so if you guys
have any video suggestions go ahead and
leave them in the comments below it's
been your boy KMA here bringing you the
latest and greatest glitches from GTA 5
online now also I won't be able to help
anybody out tonight when it comes to
getting cars because I do have a
paintball tournament like I said so
that'll be a video that'll be uploaded
tomorrow keep an eye out for that have a
nice day and dosas